# The-business-requirements-and-system-design-documents
•	Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design? 
This project is for the new Client, DriverPass, a driving school company. The DriverPass’s owner, Liam, noticed many people failing their driving test at the DMV. Therefore, this project aims to provide a better driver training system for their customer (students). 
•	What did you do particularly well?
I did exceptionally well on the diagrams, especially the activity diagram for the login function. It was simple but detailed and comprehensive. In the activity diagram, I decomposed the login function. The user gets to choose to log in or reset their password. The system will validate the login or password reset requirement. If the password reset requirement matches, the user can create a new password. The system will lock the account if the login is invalided more than three times.
•	If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
Although, I did well on both documents. However, there is always room for improvement. Therefore, I would choose the requirements document. I would simplify the assumptions and limitations to only 2-3 bullet points.  
•	How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
I interpreted the user’s needs and implemented them into my system design using diagrams by creating diagrams to describe the system. My design document included a use case diagram, two activity diagrams, a sequence diagram, and a UML Class diagram explaining the system’s function and the relationship between the user and the system. It is important to consider the user’s needs when designing because by understanding the user’s expectations, behaviors, conditions, and motivation, we can design something to help them complete their tasks sufficiently and efficiently. And, of course, a product can not succeed without users. Therefore, considering the user’s needs in the design can lead the development to success. 
•	How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
I would use the live group interview method to help me collect requirements. It is a more effective use of time than interviewing individuals. Interviewing several people together allows them to hear the insight of other key people so they can debate or sync with their peers. So I can analyze the issues or general agreement from the discussion and implement it in my design accordingly.
